♪♪♪
♪ WOVEN IN THE SURFACE A
PREMONITION OF A LAND ♪
♪ ERUPTING A SPARKLING
OCCASION OF A CITY CRASHDOWN! ♪
♪ OVERHEAD REVOLVIN'
IN A WHIRLPOOL ♪
♪ A DRAG-O-RAMA WALK'N
ON THE SIDEWALK ♪
♪ SO LET ME SEE YA HOWL'N
THROUGH THE KEYHOLE "GOD DAMN, ♪
♪ SWEPT AWAY" SHE SHOUTED, SHE
LOVE IT, GETIN AWAY YEAH! ♪
♪ I CONCENTRATE THE
MIDNIGHT WITHOUT ♪
♪ THE BENEFIT OF CEREMONY,
WHOEVER SAID, ♪
♪ "THE ONE WHO STRIPS YOUR SOUL
IS THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY" ♪
♪ A WEATHER-BEATEN
ANGEL DESCENDING TO
EMBRACE THE CEMETERY ♪
♪ GOT LOVE, SO MYSTIFYING
"GOD DAMN, SWEPT AWAY" ♪
♪ SHE SHOUTED, SHE LOVE
IT, GET IN AWAY YEAH! ♪
IT, GET IN AWAY, YEAH! ♪
♪♪♪
♪ VOODOO BEAT ON THE
MIND THE DIGS TOO DEEP ♪
♪ TO FIND SOMETHING
HAS GOT TO GIVE ♪
♪ MAN (PSYCH-OUT)
RACKETEER OR STAR ♪
♪ YOU ARE JUST WHAT YOU ARE,
DON'T PLAY THE MISTY, BABY! ♪
♪ (GET YOU) INTO A RIVER
SKY ELECTRO NATION CRY ♪
♪ "I NEED ANOTHER, NOW" ♪
♪ DRIFT BEYOND THE SLEEPING ♪
♪ THE MOON IS SHIFTIN'
SHADOWS ON HER FIGURE, ♪
♪ SWAMPTIME LOCOMOTION
"I CAN'T TAKE IT, ANYMORE!" ♪
♪ SUNLIGHT THROUGH
THE SHUTTERS ♪
♪ ILLUMINATING MOMENT TO THE
MOMENT BUZZ A HALO OVER ♪
♪ "GODDAMN, SWEPT AWAY" ♪
♪ SHE SHOUTED, SHE LOVE
IT, GET IN AWAY, YEAH, ♪
IT, GET IN AWAY, YEAH! ♪